Hi from the St.
Mary’s Academy Culture Club.
The goal of the Culture Club,
is to make our school more inclusive
and make every culture feel recognized.
One way we do this
is that we design a bulletin board
with a different country on it
every single week.
This bulletin board includes the country's
flags, fun facts about the countries,
and a list of student names
that are originally from there.
Another way is that we hang our student
country's flags up in our gym,
and then the last way that we do this
is that we
put welcome in many different
like languages to on our entrance doors
to make students feel welcome
when they first enter the school.
This helps students gain knowledge
about other countries
and make our school more diverse.
I think the purpose of the Saint Mary's
Academy Culture Club is to bring together
the different cultures of the school,
and by that it means to share the culture,
which means to share the food,
the traditions and the attire.
And that way we can all educate each other
and live together
in a nice, diverse school.
I just think it's great
that we have such a nice, diverse school.
I've been to many schools before,
and I've never been at a school
quite as diverse as this,
and I think it's just wonderful
to have all these friends
and peers
that come from all over the place.
What I really like about a culture club
is the fact that it includes
a lot of people, including those
that are Canadian born and raised here,
because it spreads more awareness
and it includes you.
And like the different types of activities
and traditions other cultures have.
So I find a very important
to like increase the amount of awareness
and, you know, lessen the ignorance
some people have, which can be innocent,
but it's still important to know about
the different cultures around the world.
We often do potlucks, for example.
This year was like a big, big potluck.
The first potluck we had
was in the cafeteria.
An increase in the gym.
We had like a lot of like big tables
for food.
And I find it
very interesting how different cultures
express themselves throughout their food,
how you can get a lot of insight
in their territory and their customs
and everything else is a purpose
is, learning about different cultures,
traditions, movie languages.
I would just say
like, hello, in many languages.
Also
like, we really like our culture club
because it's a way to make friends and,
like, learning new cultures.
Sharing our culture.
And they learn, like,
how we can, like, live together
in, like, a diversity school.
So something I like about the Culture
Club is learning
and teaching people
about the cultures in our school.
One big thing we learned, the Culture
Club, is cultural exchange here.
Instead of changing who we are to fit in.
We stay true to our self
and we learn to share who we are
and our issues with others.
One example
would be the Multicultural fair,
where we get the chance
to present our country or a country.
Our choices even share food sometimes,
and some displays from me.
The goal of the cultural club is to share
the real cultural from my country
traditions and customs.
The real Brazil. I come from.
Yeah.
The, got of the culture from me
is also to share my culture from Europe
and also to get to know
different cultures, to know new tradition
and new people, and to know harvest
how they still live in their country.
No, only about the language,
the parts of the new countries,
but, the foods, the customs.
And for me, I really love learn
so about the new culture.
So for me, I think it is.
Yeah.
For me, it's,
I think better to get to know new people
and to see how the people from different
parts of the world are behaving,
how adapt their tradition, what they like.
That culture club done a lot of activities
where all the students
from different countries
share our on on things like that
food, games
and also the community in there.
When we share all that,
everyone is learning about it
and we like it
because we're a multicultural school
where everyone where their school is made
by different
people from the
the fam, people from different countries.
And we like that
we curse is a Brazil thing in the schools.
We can share with each other and stuff
and also, cultural things.
So we had an occasion where we did,
a multicultural potluck in February
where we many people from different cars,
we cooked a meal and it's just cool.
You have to disagree
with all this teacher.
And it was
it was a good experience for all of us,
not only those in Culture Club,
but also, even parents,
even teachers had the occasion
to taste, really delicious foods
from around the world and, and explored
the economic diversity of different
cultures and different countries.
What I want to tell about the Culture Club
is what I love about
it is the activities that we do,
for example,
the multicultural fair
that is coming up pretty soon,
which is on May 21st,
it is where everyone, is,
going to be going
and coming around to like,
look at the flags of the,
origins from their countries.
There's also going to be some food
and what I also love about it is that,
we're trying to make the, school
look more inclusive,
just like what we did with,
a poster over here.
We did a contest for it,
and some someone and I,
I love how
I truly belong in this community.
I think, it is a great, experience
to be part of this community.
What?
I truly believe that the main goal
of the Culture Club is to help newcomers
to, adjust and be welcome
within the North American culture,
especially Canada or America,
because you don't know where they truly
came from, what situation you were in.
So accepting these people
and like a lot of them, become as
one will truly like, make them feel safe
and comfortable to express their culture
like values and stuff.
An extension from Germany.
And I think that the goal of the Culture
Club is to meet other people
from like also different
cultures, learn about the culture
and acknowledge the culture.
What I also like about the Culture Club
is that you meet
a lot of nice people
that then also become your friends.